# COMP5047 Applied Software Engineering  
## Group G29 – Week 6 Meeting Agenda & Minutes  

**Date:** 28/10/25  
**Time:** 17:00–19:30  
**Location:** Google Meet  

**Attendees:**  
- David Gaman (19238600)  
- Aziz Hussein Boakye (19067039)  
- Areebah Khan (19343387)  
- Daniil Tkachenko (19323083)  

All Present  

---

## Agenda

1. Review progress from Week 5, Task 2 and 3 progress. 
2. Update on clarity of Use cases for task 3a.  
3. Cross-check each other’s Task 3, try to have the same approach and format for cohesiveness.  
4. Discuss and clarify our use cases for UML diagrams and see if they suit  
5. Review Github progress.  
6. Assign tasks so everyone can try to be in the same position (ideally a plan for task 4a and draft) by the start of week 7.  

---

<details>
<summary>Progress Since Last Meeting</summary>

- All members are more familiar with Papyrus. Shared tips between eachother. 
- Confirmed that all members are done with quality requirements task 2 (updated them so we all have a similar approach) now all members are more familiar with their functional requirements due to this, leading to better use cases in UML diagram. 
- Daniil has redone his task 3a applying suggestions from professor. He has also completed 3b.
- David has completed both task 2 and 3 and will be moving onto task 4.
- Aziz has completed task 2, still working on 3.
- Areebah has completed task 2 and 3a.   
- Regular contact throughout the week via Whatsapp. 

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>Key Decisions</summary>

- Emphasised that we need to have task 3 done by the end of this week. 
- Ensure our task2 and 3 follow the examples and guidance of lecture notes. 
- Review week 6 lecture notes to help with task 4.
- All members should have a plan and possibly a draft for 4a. 


</details>

---

<details>
<summary>Discussion</summary>

**Quality Requirements:**

- All members have completed this task, some have not commited it to the repo, areebah is suggesting they do. 

**UML Diagrams**

- Shared tips between eachother. 
- Areebah suggested to move use case ovals with arrow keys rather than mouse as it's more efficient and allows a neater format as UC ovals are parallel and also to ensure the ovals are the same size as this lets the arrows be straight. 
- Daniil and David showed us how to use the properties of element feature to make the arrows neater. Overall discussed the readability of the diagram.
- We all agreed that our use cases need to satisfy the functional requirements of our subsytem in the spec and anyone who thinks theirs does not to update.
- Aziz shared his use cases and received feedback from group.

    
**Activity Model:**

- Those who have completed it should commit to repo.
- All of us have suggested to review the lecture notes again and see if we need any improvements.
- Discussed what subsystems have what information stored and where to provide the info - ensuring activity models are cohessive.

**Component Diagrams**

- Discussed how these are different from user case diagrams.
- Use case diagram - capture the functional requiremens from user's perspective and are used for requirments analysis not design. 
- Component diagrams are used for system design and implementation planning.
- Helps developers assign work and understand dependencies.
- Shows how the system is structured internally to deliver those functions.
- Overall all members understand that it is a design level diagram.

---

- understandin this distinction has helped us further understand the granuality of use cases and that user case diagrams are more functional requirements focused.

 ---
 
- **Preparation for next Week:**  
  - Show eachother our final task 3.
  - Have read week 6 lecture notes and discuss with group if needed.
  - Try have some more commits.

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>Actions Agreed</summary>

- **Areebah, Daniil, Aziz:** Have task 2 and 3 complete.
- **All members:** Look at examples provided by professor to help understaning. 
- **All Members:** Commit at least once to repo. 
- **All Members:** Have a plan for 4a from lecture notes and own research.
- **All Members:** Make sure we look at lecture notes and markscheme as these are very helpful in understanding the requirements for the task.  
- **Next Meeting:** Week 7 on Tuesday 04/11/25, 14:00.  

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>Issues Raised</summary>

- Papyrus us very slow but we have shared tips and resources that can help.
- The approach to tasks particularly satisfying the requirements of the task can be improved - look at lecture notes and markscheme to help.
- GitHub commits are not consistent so we make sure that we work on taks in repo not word document. 

</details>

---

**Prepared by:** Areebah  
**Date of Writing:** 28/10/25  
